>> Steve Kinney: It would be cool,
what if we made an API endpoint
to get all of the posts, right?
That would involve,
it would be an HTTP request, but
it would hook into Firestore, get all
the posts, and send them back as JSON.
That seems like a good
first attempt in this case.
So, let's, let's give that a shot.
>> Steve Kinney: We'll go back into
index and we'll do exports.getAllPosts.
This seems fine.
And we'll do functions.https.onRequest().
And now we'll get the request and
response objects.
I wanna warn you now,
I don't expect to make this mistake, but
back I learn a lot of express,
I would have this mystifying about we're
nothing works to get the request
response objects mixed up.
Specially back that I use my Raz and
wreck and never never works.
So, someone's gonna be look out for that.
So, let's go ahead and
we'll get the snapshot.
Now, I set the engine to node eight.
So, I should be able to
make this an async request.
If not, we can write promises.
So, we'll do snapshots and we'll do await.
So, I need to pull in this admin library,
right.
And admin is simply gonna be const.
admin equals require firebase admin.
This a version of Firebase that
has all the superpowers that
the admin console has.
You can just use this.
You don't have to use
this kind of functions.
You can use this just as a script
you run from your computer.
Like have to just change a bunch of
data cuz I have changed the way comments
are formatted.
You can run it.
Should you do that, you need to go to the
console and like get the secret key pair.
Like the actual secret one,
not the one that we had,
that we just put in our client-side code.
And then you can run those scripts.
If you are running a Lambda function,
you are already running on
Google's infrastructure.
and they know who you are, so you don't
necessarily need to get those keys if
you're doing it in a cloud function.
So, we'll say admin, so you know how
before we said firebase initialize app.
Here, we'll say admin.initializeApp,
and we'll say functions.config.
This is where it's getting
that secret key from.
This will be passed by the environment
when it's riding on Google servers.
So, if you were to run this
like on your own computer,
this is not a thing that you're
gonna get anything back from.
But when it's running on Google servers,
that will be populated with you know your
secret key pair and stuff like that.
Cool, and so,
we'll actually say const firestore,
very much like we were doing before,
it was like admin.firestore.
I could call that admin thing
firebase if I really wanted to.
We do need to do that const settings.
We'll do firestore.settings
>> Steve Kinney: That
was that warning we got in
the very beginning of this.
Cool, so now I should be able to do
a firestore.collection('posts').get()
>> Steve Kinney: And with that,
we'll say const posts = snapshots.map,
snapshots.docs.map, and
this is if we wanted the IDs on there.
We don't necessarily have to,
we could just send them back.
>> Steve Kinney: Say id is doc.id.
>> Steve Kinney: Single snapshot.
And we'll just do a response.
JSON is effectively
the same API as Express.
So, I response that JSON sends a response
with the format application JSON.
Cool, and then what we'll
do is we'll just apply that.
Up we go.
Yep.
Using node eight now so
I can do a single way you do have to
opt into that with that engines thing
in the package.json.
Otherwise you will get note six.
I understand that.
No, 10 is out and no 11 is the.
And version and the node 12 is in route.
I don't make the rules here, I just
tell you that node six is the default,
even though I think it was
end of life at this point.
But anyway, all right look so
now we are updating,
Hello World is not
allowed to update there.
And we are creating get all posts.
Those are both going out,
while it happens.
Let's go ahead and
let's go to the Firebase console.
Let's check out functions.
All right, here are my two functions,
you can see them.
You view the logs and their health.
The logs are really interesting.
They're good for debugging right and
so if like especially for
the ones that are triggered like,
it should have been reading it should have
been responding to a document change.
Nothing happened.
You can see like did it fire at all?
Did it blow up, right?
So, you can see function execute started,
getting yelled at about billing.
And then it was okay, and
it finished status code at 200.
These are obviously more
interesting when they don't work.
[LAUGH] Logs that everything went okay
are not particularly interesting.
But you can also see the different
log levels is the errors and
infos so on and so forth, cool?
I was hoping that would make, it's smaller
from or it's like when I click on it,
but nope.
Let's do again the post and
see how it goes.
[SOUND] Takes a little bit the first time,
we'll be talking about this
during the question earlier,
where there's a kind of a cold start.
If I do it again it's much faster.
Like it is spinning up
a virtual machine somewhere.
And so
here you can see these are All of the fun
posts that are in
the database sent as JSON.
So now we have an API for our application.
So just because Firebase is great for
front engineers to have
a back end really easily.
But what if I need a back end.
You can have a back end, that's fine.
Just make a back end.
Deploy it to other people's servers.
You're good to go.